{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Good Evening Will, \
\
As promised here is my follow up from the conversation. \'a0 As of the moment I don't think you need a business operations manager. While you have mike out there doding sales and recruiting business opportunities, \'a0 you're the only one there doing the grunt work. \'a0 you're building the sites, doing the quality control.\
\
Right now you need sales and someone managing social media and doing cold calling to get leads for you. You're building sites, but is anyone developing apps for mobile and android devices? \
\
Questions:\
1. how long does it take you to build a site in general?\
2. start to finish what is the turnaround time from initial contact to a beta site.\
3.\'a0 Is your business a one time contact or do you have residuals for site maintenance and content updating?\
\
I see you have plans for all sort of positions, finance, HR management, payroll.\'a0 Aside from Mike who else gets paid?\
\
What was the break down from the bible folks?\
\
Depending on where you set up shop you may be able to trade services with clients. \
\
Granted my knowledge about IT is limited.\'a0\'a0 But you need to establish your team of programmers and sales folks and then the rest will fall into place.\'a0\'a0 HR/Finance/Payroll is all the same no matter when you go.\'a0\'a0 Maybe if you're lucky you'll find someone that can do all three. \
\
matt}